Doc changes for 1.4 Final (#4870)
hashicorp/consul: website/source/docs/connect/index.html.md

## Multi-Datacenter

Using Connect for service-to-service communications across multiple datacenters 
requires Consul Enterprise. 

With Open Source Consul, Connect may be enabled on multiple Consul datacenters, 
but only services within the same datacenter can establish Connect-based, 
Authenticated and Authorized connections. In this version, Certificate Authority
configurations and intentions are both local to their respective datacenters; 
they are not replicated across datacenters.

> Full multi-datacenter support for Connect is avaiable in

Reviewer: @banks, just spotted a missing `l` here is you are still in here

## Multi-Datacenter

> The OSS version of Connect only works for service-to-service connections within a

Reviewer 2: This wording is strange to me since Connect isn't the product, it feels more natural to reverse this paragraph a bit:

```suggestion
Using Connect for service-to-service communications across multiple datacenters requires 
Consul Enterprise. Open Source Consul only works for service-to-service connections within
a single datacenter.
```
